= HAST

HAST stands for 'Hosting Account Status Tool'.

HAST is a tool for fetching domains from Apache configuration files and
from the Postfix database on a hosting server environment. It will then
run a report, checking the DNS records for each domain to see if they
match your server.

This is important for finding "dead" domains where the domain either
doesn't exist anymore or where the owner have moved it to another
hosting provider.

Before you can use HAST, you need to setup a config.yml file. Use
config.yml.example as a template.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future
  version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version
  in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Usage 

  hast config-file [options]

For help use: hast -h

=== Options

  -h, --help                Displays help message
  -v, --version             Display version
  -g, --generate-config     Output a config file template (pipe it to a
                            file for easy use: hast -g > config.yml)
  -q, --no-dns              Do not lookup any domain names or MX records
  -y, --yaml                Output as YAML (usefull if you want to pipe:
                            bau.rb > domains.yml)
  -c, --domain-cache FILE   Get the domains from a YAML file

=== Examples

Generate a human-readable report:
  hast config.yml

Do not perfom DNS lookups:
  hast config.yml -q

Do not perfom DNS lookups and genereate a YAML file with the result:
  hast config.yml -yq > domains.yml

Load the domains to check from a YAML file:
  hast config.yml -c domains.yml

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Thomas Watson Steen. See LICENSE for details.
